I want to use, maybe for this analysis, what we need to have a max of maybe 25 calls. But we need to figure out a way of correctly bunching them or bundling them. If we have some phone calls that are longer, how might we handle that? Maybe we put the longer ones together so that in the LLM calls for analysis, we don't have high standard deviations in terms of recording total numbers or total number of recordings. So maybe all of the phone numbers that had many recordings, they're grouped together with a max of like a max context, maybe 25 calls. Maybe 25 calls is too much, maybe 15 or 20 calls worth. If a call is just, yeah, half, like 30 seconds or half a minute, one minute, maybe we should think of a token count. Maybe we need to think of a better way of doing this, but then just like call number, maybe we should just pick a token amount and we need to make sure, like maybe a token range, because like maybe we'll have an LLM sum up three or four multiple call customers. And then in some other batches, we'll have an LLM sum up 15 customers all with just one call each. Do you know what I mean? That way, we're also aggregating things that are alike to one another. And that might help in the final analysis. And I guess in the final analysis, we need to make it aware of the fact that there'll be different viewpoints from each bunch, and it needs to take into account all of these, and it shouldn't wash over information, but it has to try to do its best to give a sort of ratio, sort of like a balance, a deep analysis on it. Maybe it can count how many good, how many bad, and it can return some statistics as well. What do you think? Because statistics are quite important in this, like how many had good responses, how many bad responses, et cetera. But for this exploratory analysis, maybe the statistical thing is a completely different prompt. Maybe we can do that separately. That would be cool too. So maybe we have two systems, one for statistical, one for maybe like deeper questions such as like the exploratory analysis. Take a look at the MD file that I included in the root of the directory. It's called batchingidea.md.