I'd like to create a new section of the app. Right now we have a transcription page, which is great, but I'm not sure how we'll design it. For now, let's just create another page. Like, we'll add a button to the transcription page. For now, just call it new page. And when we click on that, Hornace wanted to take us to a new drag and drop page, very similar to the transcription one. But on this page, the files that we'll be uploading are WordDoc, a VTT, and potentially a video or audio. And the VTT and the WordDoc, they're going to reference the same text from the video. So, the purpose of this page will be to basically mirror the functionality of the audio transcription section. Instead, we're going to be able to do it with video and with longer transcripts. And because they've already been diarized in the VTT, and they already have timestamps, it should be pretty quick for us to, like, we don't have to post-process, we don't have to send the transcription or anything. All we have to do is build a video player, right? And perhaps, like, next to it, we could have a transcript section where you can scroll and view all the text as it's being said by different people. And again, we're going to link it up, meaning we're going to have each segment of speech directly linked to that segment of the video, so that when we click on it, it will jump or skip ahead to that part of the video, exactly the same as the audio player section and functionality.


I've provided a sample of the transcript files within this folder. For now we have a sample video file too, this doesnt match the transcripts timestamps perfectly but it serves as a basis to start testing the functionality of the new app section. 